Add initial stencil documentation (#10991)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/spatial_shader.rst

+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **depth_test_disabled**       | Disable depth testing.                                                                               |
+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | **depth_test_default**        | Depth test will discard the pixel if it is behind other pixels.                                      |

Reviewer: > Will need to mention using Depth test equal for opaque pass in in Forward+ renderer

What would a user do with that extra information? I can't think of a scenario in which the user can tell the difference.

> | **depth_test_default**        | Depth test will discard the pixel if it is behind other pixels.                                      |

Author: I don' tthink i can fit it in this line of the documentation. any suggestion on where to put it?

> | **depth_test_default**        | Depth test will discard the pixel if it is behind other pixels.                                      |

Reviewer 2: You can make this description take multiple lines

| **fog_disabled**              | Disable receiving depth-based or volumetric fog. Useful for ``blend_add`` materials like particles.  |
+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Stencil modes
-------------

.. note::
    Stencil support is experimental, use at your own risk.
    We will try to not break compatibility as much as possible, but if major flaws are found in the API, it may change in the next version.

> 
> 
> Stencil operations are a set of operations that allow to write into an efficient, often hardeware integrated, buffer.
> Stencil is generally use to mask in or out parts of the scene.
> 
> Some of the most known uses are:
> - Outlines: stencil allows to mask out the inner mesh that is being outlined to avoid inner outlines.
> - Xray: display a mesh behind other objects.
> - Portals: Draw impossible geometry by masking objects
> 
> NOTE: You can only read stencil in the transparent pass. Any attempt to read in the opaque pass will fail and it's not supported behaviour.
> NOTE: Stencil operations aren't yet supported in compositor effects. Please use full screen quad method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Stencil operations are a set of operations that allow to write to
an efficient buffer in an hardware-accelerated manner.
Stencil is generally used to mask in or out parts of the scene.

Some of the most known uses are:

- Outlines: Stencil allows to mask out the inner mesh that is being outlined to avoid inner outlines.
- X-Ray: Display a mesh behind other objects.
- Portals: Draw geometry that is normally "impossible" (non-Euclidian) by masking objects.
- Shadows: Draw sharp shadows without relying on shadow maps.

.. note::

    You can only read stencil in the transparent pass.
    Any attempt to read in the opaque pass will fail, as it's not supported behavior.

    Also, stencil operations aren't yet supported in compositor effects.
    Please use full screen quad method described in :ref:`doc_advanced_postprocessing`.
```

| **fog_disabled**              | Disable receiving depth-based or volumetric fog. Useful for ``blend_add`` materials like particles.  |
+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Stencil modes
-------------

.. note::
    Stencil support is experimental, use at your own risk.
    We will try to not break compatibility as much as possible, but if major flaws are found in the API, it may change in the next version.

Stencil operations are a set of operations that allow to write to
an efficient buffer in an hardware-accelerated manner.
Stencil is generally used to mask in or out parts of the scene.

Some of the most well-known uses are:

- Outlines: Stencil allows to mask out the inner mesh that is being outlined to avoid inner outlines.
- X-Ray: Display a mesh behind other objects.
- Portals: Draw geometry that is normally "impossible" (non-Euclidian) by masking objects.

> - Shadows: Draw sharp shadows without relying on shadow maps.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning that portals and shadows can only currently be implemented in very simple forms, due to the lack of a multi-pass/programmable compositor.

+===============================+======================================================================================================+
| **read**                      | Read from the stencil buffer.                                                                        |
+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **write**                     | Write reference value to the stencil buffer.                                                         |
+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **write_if_depth_fail**       | Write reference value to the stencil buffer if the depth test fails.                                 |
+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **compare_equal**             | Pass stencil test if the reference value is equal to the stencil buffer value.                       |

> +-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer 4: The missing documentation was amended. Though there seems to be one space too many in the `Stencil mode` column and the dot is missing in the `Description` text.

| **fog_disabled**              | Disable receiving depth-based or volumetric fog. Useful for ``blend_add`` materials like particles.  |
+-------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Stencil modes
-------------

.. note::

    Stencil support is experimental, use at your own risk.
    We will try to not break compatibility as much as possible, 
    but if significant flaws are found in the API, it may change
    in the next minor version.

Stencil operations are a set of operations that allow writing to
an efficient buffer in an hardware-accelerated manner.
This is generally used to mask in or out parts of the scene.

Some of the most well-known uses are:

- Outlines: Mask out the inner mesh that is being outlined to avoid inner outlines.
- X-Ray: Display a mesh behind other objects.
- Portals: Draw geometry that is normally "impossible" (non-Euclidian) by masking objects.

.. note::

    You can only read from stencil in the transparent pass.
    Any attempt to read in the opaque pass will fail, as it's currently not supported behavior.

>     Also, stencil operations aren't yet supported in compositor effects.

Reviewer 2: That's not true, stencil operations have been supported in compositor effects from the beginning. What isn't supporting is copying the main renderers stencil buffer into a custom texture

Author: I don't understand what this means. If stencils from the main renderer can't be used, then maybe it's technically correct to say they are supported, but i don't think it makes sense in the doc to say that you can use them..?

Reviewer 5: @clayjohn poke
